Even if you are a warrior
No matter how skilled
Facing the marketing army
How long can you last?
I urge you to think carefully
5 shots in front of me to blow you up
The consequences are very serious
Promise you go fast
I'll block it for you here.
Father, can't you see it now?
Luo Zhan is no ordinary person
Now we should help him.
He offended the temple of wealth
Now he is facing Yin Xiaojun again
It's not up to you or me
Don't you Muse the surname Luo?
Aren't you crazy?
Let me see this time
Worse than death
Even the Temple of Wealth
Brother sue
Mei Zhaojun, listen to my instructions
Ready to shoot
Let me do it.
Someone is coming to shoot
These two people are the Martial Idiots and the Martial Emperor of the Martial God
Summer vacation is late
I hope you will forgive me.